docs: removes links to "ApiaryReportingAnonymous.apib" (#1476)
apiaryio/dredd: docs/internals.rst

If you want to build something on top of the Apiary Reporter, note that

> it uses a public API described in following documents:

Reviewer: This is now one document

```suggestion
it uses a public API described in `Apiary Tests API for authenticated test reports <https://github.com/apiaryio/dredd/blob/master/ApiaryReportingApi.apib>`__
```

Author: Done!
